### The Quest
As modern humans, all of us have a massive appetite for creative content. As readers we always expect the literary masters to create magnum opuses every other day. And then we descend into a world of despair and disdain, once our favourite content is exhausted. A new journey begins. The quest for finding purpose begins. Many of us face a similar problem after finishing favourite TV series which we have been binge watching for quite some time. Boredom and sadness looms large .In a broader sense this is the very essence of our lives.

We are designed to work towards our goals. Designed by a deity or the steady forces of nature is not something for me to decide. But for sure we have been built with some flaws. Somewhere in the past we might have started treading along the wrong paths or so it seems. For Aristotle, life's purpose was to achieve happiness. Ask anyone today and be ready to be amused by the variety of the answers you find. This is really how the world has changed. All the growth in artificial intelligence, electric vehicles and interstellar travel doesn’t show the change in human nature as much as the shift in our priorities as humans.

Finding happiness is not the goal anymore. It’s just a goal. Or maybe the overarching theme of our goals. We want to be famous and rich and happy but are not ready to settle for only one of it. Nor are we ready to settle for it once. We expect to have riches and fame and happiness for ever. This is the true mark of our progress. 

Trying to reach to our goals is what drives us forward. But once we have reached there and are washed with joy and ecstasy the most important feeling kicks in. In the sea of joy a ship of sadness moves silently in the calm waters. For now the journey has ended and no more adventures are expected. But somewhere in the depth of our hearts we always know the journey has not ended.
Because the journey never ends.


